Refresh testing docs (#45032)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/testing/index.md

## Testing tools

When running tests in .NET, there are two components involved. The test platform and the test framework.

### Test platforms

> The test platform is the engine that runs the tests as well as acting as a communication channel with IDEs. For example, the IDE (e.g, Test Explorer) can send a discovery request to the test platform so that the IDE is able to show the tests you have. The test platform responds, in some way, back to the IDE with the tests it found. Similar communication happens for test execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The test platform is the engine that runs the tests and communicates with IDEs. For example, the IDE (e.g, Test Explorer) can send a discovery request to the test platform so that the IDE is able to show the tests you have. The test platform responds, in some way, back to the IDE with the tests it found. Similar communication happens for test execution.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The test platform is the engine that runs the tests and acts as a communication channel with IDEs. For example, the IDE (e.g, Test Explorer) can send a discovery request to the test platform so that the IDE is able to show the tests you have. The test platform responds, in some way, back to the IDE with the tests it found. Similar communication happens for test execution.
```

In .NET, VSTest has been used for many years and was the only test platform in the ecosystem. Very early in 2024, we released the first stable version of a new test platform, called [Microsoft.Testing.Platform (MTP)](./unit-testing-platform-intro.md).

### Test frameworks

The test framework is built on top of the test platform. It defines the set of attributes and APIs that are available to you, as a test author, and is usually powered by a test adapter, which acts as a communication layer between the test framework and the test platform. The popular test frameworks as of today are MSTest, NUnit, TUnit, and xUnit.

#### MSTest

> [MSTest](https://github.com/microsoft/testfx) is the Microsoft test framework for all .NET languages. It's extensible and works with .NET CLI, Visual Studio, Visual Studio Code, and Rider. It supports running with both VSTest and Microsoft.Testing.Platform.

Author: Ah, by "running" I didn't mean the test, but rather the framework itself can run on top of VSTest and on top of MTP. I'll remove as it could be incorrectly interpreted.

For more information, see the following resources:

- [MSTest runner overview (running MSTest with Microsoft.Testing.Platform)](unit-testing-mstest-runner-intro.md)
- [Unit testing with C#](unit-testing-with-mstest.md)
- [Unit testing with F#](unit-testing-fsharp-with-mstest.md)
- [Unit testing with Visual Basic](unit-testing-visual-basic-with-mstest.md)

#### NUnit

> [NUnit](https://nunit.org) is a unit-testing framework for all .NET languages. Initially, NUnit was ported from JUnit, and the current production release has been rewritten with many new features and support for a wide range of .NET platforms. It's a project of the [.NET Foundation](https://dotnetfoundation.org). It supports running with both VSTest and Microsoft.Testing.Platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[NUnit](https://nunit.org) is a unit-testing framework for all .NET languages. Initially, NUnit was ported from JUnit, and the current production release has been rewritten with many new features and support for a wide range of .NET platforms. It's a project of the [.NET Foundation](https://dotnetfoundation.org). It supports both VSTest and Microsoft.Testing.Platform.
```

For more information, see the following resources:

- [Unit testing with C#](unit-testing-with-nunit.md)
- [Unit testing with F#](unit-testing-fsharp-with-nunit.md)
- [Unit testing with Visual Basic](unit-testing-visual-basic-with-nunit.md)

#### TUnit

[TUnit](https://thomhurst.github.io/TUnit/) is entirely built on top of Microsoft.Testing.Platform and doesn't support VSTest. For more information, refer to TUnit documentation.

> #### xUnit

Reviewer 2: Brad said to use `xUnit.net`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### xUnit.net
```

Author: It was existing as "xUnit", but sure.

```suggestion
#### xUnit.net
```

> [xUnit](https://xunit.net) is a free, open-source, community-focused unit testing tool for .NET. The original inventor of NUnit v2 wrote xUnit.net. xUnit.net is the latest technology for unit testing .NET apps. It also works with ReSharper, CodeRush, and TestDriven.NET. xUnit.net is a project of the [.NET Foundation](https://dotnetfoundation.org) and operates under its code of conduct. It also supports running with both VSTest and Microsoft.Testing.Platform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[xUnit.net](https://xunit.net) is a free, open-source, community-focused unit testing tool for .NET. The original inventor of NUnit v2 wrote xUnit.net. xUnit.net is the latest technology for unit testing .NET apps. It also works with ReSharper, CodeRush, and TestDriven.NET. xUnit.net is a project of the [.NET Foundation](https://dotnetfoundation.org) and operates under its code of conduct. It supports both VSTest and Microsoft.Testing.Platform
```

## Testing tools

> When running tests in .NET, there are two components involved. The test platform and the test framework.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When running tests in .NET, there are two components involved: the test platform and the test framework.
```

### Test platforms

> The test platform is the engine that runs the tests and acts as a communication channel with IDEs. For example, the IDE (e.g, Test Explorer) can send a discovery request to the test platform so that the IDE is able to show the tests you have. The test platform responds, in some way, back to the IDE with the tests it found. Similar communication happens for test execution.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The test platform is the engine that runs the tests and acts as a communication channel with IDEs. For example, an IDE such as Test Explorer can send a discovery request to the test platform so that it can display the available tests. The test platform responds back to the IDE with the tests it found. Similar communication happens for test execution.
```

Author: I'm realizing now the wording isn't super accurate. Test Explorer is a component of Visual Studio IDE that's involved in the communication. Giving "Test Explorer" as example of "IDE" is misleading as TE itself isn't an IDE. Not sure how to best reword that.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The test platform is the engine that runs the tests and acts as a communication channel with IDEs. For example, Visual Studio can send a discovery request to the test platform so that it can display the available tests in Test Explorer. The test platform responds back to the IDE with the tests it found. Similar communication happens for test execution.
```

> In .NET, VSTest has been used for many years and was the only test platform in the ecosystem. Very early in 2024, we released the first stable version of a new test platform, called [Microsoft.Testing.Platform (MTP)](./unit-testing-platform-intro.md).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
VSTest has been used for many years in .NET and was the only test platform in the ecosystem. Early in 2024, the first stable version of a new test platform, called [Microsoft.Testing.Platform (MTP)](./unit-testing-platform-intro.md), was released.
```

### Test frameworks

> The test framework is built on top of the test platform. It defines the set of attributes and APIs that are available to you, as a test author, and is usually powered by a test adapter, which acts as a communication layer between the test framework and the test platform. The popular test frameworks as of today are MSTest, NUnit, TUnit, and xUnit.net.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The test framework is built on top of the test platform. It defines the set of attributes and APIs that are available to you, as a test author. It's usually powered by a test adapter, which acts as a communication layer between the test framework and the test platform. The popular test frameworks are MSTest, NUnit, TUnit, and xUnit.net.
```

#### MSTest

[MSTest](https://github.com/microsoft/testfx) is the Microsoft test framework for all .NET languages. It's extensible and works with .NET CLI, Visual Studio, Visual Studio Code, and Rider. It supports both VSTest and Microsoft.Testing.Platform.

For more information, see the following resources:

> - [Microsoft.Testing.Platform support in MSTest (aka MSTest runner)](unit-testing-mstest-runner-intro.md)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [Microsoft.Testing.Platform support in MSTest (MSTest runner)](unit-testing-mstest-runner-intro.md)
```

- [Unit testing with C#](unit-testing-with-mstest.md)
- [Unit testing with F#](unit-testing-fsharp-with-mstest.md)
- [Unit testing with Visual Basic](unit-testing-visual-basic-with-mstest.md)

#### NUnit

[NUnit](https://nunit.org) is a unit-testing framework for all .NET languages. Initially, NUnit was ported from JUnit, and the current production release has been rewritten with many new features and support for a wide range of .NET platforms. It's a project of the [.NET Foundation](https://dotnetfoundation.org). It supports both VSTest and Microsoft.Testing.Platform.

For more information, see the following resources:

> - [Microsoft.Testing.Platform support in NUnit (aka NUnit runner)](unit-testing-nunit-runner-intro.md)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [Microsoft.Testing.Platform support in NUnit (NUnit runner)](unit-testing-nunit-runner-intro.md)
```
